2007scape.tsv           game
3DS.tsv                 konsole
4chan.tsv               bashing
ACTrade.tsv             trade
AdviceAnimals.tsv       fun
amiugly.tsv             looks
Anarcho_Capitalism.tsv  politics
Android.tsv             smartphone
anime.tsv               TV
apple.tsv               smartphone
archeage.tsv            game
AskMen.tsv              men-women
askscience.tsv          science
AskWomen.tsv            men-women
asoiaf.tsv              TV
atheism.tsv             religion
australia.tsv           continent
aww.tsv                 cute
BabyBumps.tsv           parentage
baseball.tsv            sports
battlefield_4.tsv       game
bestof.tsv              fun
bicycling.tsv           driving
BigBrother.tsv          TV
Bitcoin.tsv             technology
boardgames.tsv          game
bodybuilding.tsv        body
books.tsv               entertainment
bravefrontier.tsv       game
britishproblems.tsv     fun
buildapc.tsv            technology
canada.tsv              state
cars.tsv                driving
CasualConversation.tsv  casual
casualiama.tsv          casual
CasualPokemonTrades.tsv pokemon-trade
CFB.tsv                 club
changemyview.tsv        debates
childfree.tsv           parentage
Christianity.tsv        religion
cigars.tsv              cigars
circlejerk.tsv          satire
Civcraft.tsv            game
civ.tsv                 game
ClashOfClans.tsv        game
ClubTeen.tsv            casual
CoDCompetitive.tsv      game
CollegeBasketball.tsv   sports
comicbooks.tsv          entertainment
conspiracy.tsv          politics
Cricket.tsv             sports
cringepics.tsv          neg-chat
cringe.tsv              neg-chat
csgobetting.tsv         game
DarkNetMarkets.tsv      darknet
DarkSouls2.tsv          game
darksouls.tsv           game
dataisbeautiful.tsv     science
dayz.tsv                game
DebateReligion.tsv      religion
DestinyTheGame.tsv      game
Diablo.tsv              game
DIY.tsv                 do_it_yourself
DnD.tsv                 game
dogecoin.tsv            technology
dogemarket.tsv          technology
DotA2.tsv               game
dragonage.tsv           game
Drugs.tsv               drugs
elderscrollsonline.tsv  game
electronic_cigarette.tsv cigars
europe.tsv              continent
Eve.tsv                 game
exmormon.tsv            religion
explainlikeimfive.tsv   science
Fallout.tsv             game
fantasyfootball.tsv     game
fatlogic.tsv            fat
fatpeoplehate.tsv       fat
fatpeoplestories.tsv    fat
ffxiv.tsv               game
FIFA.tsv                game
Fitness.tsv             body
food.tsv                food
formula1.tsv            sports
friendsafari.tsv        game
Frozen.tsv              entertainment
Frugal.tsv              do_it_yourself
funny.tsv               fun
Futurology.tsv          science
GameDeals.tsv           game
gamegrumps.tsv          game
gameofthrones.tsv       TV
Games.tsv               game
gaming.tsv              game
gaybros.tsv             casual
gifs.tsv                fun
GlobalOffensiveTrade.tsv    game
GlobalOffensive.tsv     game
gonewild.tsv            looks
GrandTheftAutoV.tsv     game
Guildwars2.tsv          game
Guitar.tsv              music
Gunners.tsv             club
guns.tsv                guns
halo.tsv                game
hearthstone.tsv         game
hiphopheads.tsv         music
hockey.tsv              sports
Homebrewing.tsv         do_it_yourself
IAmA.tsv                casual
ImGoingToHellForThis.tsv neg-chat
india.tsv               state
ireland.tsv             state
jailbreak.tsv           smartphone
Jokes.tsv               fun
JusticePorn.tsv         bashing
Justrolledintotheshop.tsv   neg-chat
KerbalSpaceProgram.tsv  game
keto.tsv                body
KotakuInAction.tsv      men-woman
leagueoflegends.tsv     game
legaladvice.tsv         do_it_yourself
lewronggeneration.tsv   music
Libertarian.tsv         politics
LifeProTips.tsv         do_it_yourself
LiverpoolFC.tsv         club
longboarding.tsv        mechanics
loseit.tsv              body
magicTCG.tsv            game
MakeupAddiction.tsv     looks
malefashionadvice.tsv   looks
MapPorn.tsv             card
MechanicalKeyboards.tsv keybord
MensRights.tsv          men-woman
mildlyinteresting.tsv   casual
mindcrack.tsv           game
Minecraft.tsv           game
MLPLounge.tsv           entertainment
MLS.tsv                 club
MMA.tsv                 club
motorcycles.tsv         driving
movies.tsv              TV
Music.tsv               music
mylittlepony.tsv        game
Naruto.tsv              TV
NASCAR.tsv              club
nba.tsv                 club
news.tsv                news
newzealand.tsv          state
nfl.tsv                 clubs
NoFap.tsv               body
nosleep.tsv             horror
nottheonion.tsv         fun
oculus.tsv              technology
offmychest.tsv          men-women
OkCupid.tsv             men-women
opiates.tsv             drugs
Parenting.tsv           parentage
pathofexile.tsv         game
pcgaming.tsv            konsole
pcmasterrace.tsv        konsole
PercyJacksonRP.tsv      rp
personalfinance.tsv     do_it_yourself
photography.tsv         photos
photoshopbattles.tsv    photos
pics.tsv                fun
Planetside.tsv          game
Pokemongiveaway.tsv     pokemon-trade
PokemonPlaza.tsv        pokemon-trade
pokemontrades.tsv       pokemon-trade
pokemon.tsv             game
polandball.tsv          fun
politics.tsv            politic
Portland.tsv            state
PotterPlayRP.tsv        rp
programming.tsv         progr
PS4.tsv                 konsole
raisedbynarcissists.tsv parentage
Random_Acts_Of_Amazon.tsv casual
RandomActsOfGaming.tsv  game
randomsuperpowers.tsv   fun
Rateme.tsv              looks
reactiongifs.tsv        fun
reddevils.tsv           club
relationship_advice.tsv men-woman
relationships.tsv       men-woman
roosterteeth.tsv        entertainment
runescape.tsv           game
rupaulsdragrace.tsv     entertainment
science.tsv             science
Seattle.tsv             city
sex.tsv                 men-woman
SFGiants.tsv            pokemon-trade
ShinyPokemon.tsv        pokemon-trade
Showerthoughts.tsv      casual
SkincareAddiction.tsv   looks
skyrim.tsv              game
smashbros.tsv           game
Smite.tsv               game
Sneakers.tsv            shoes
soccer.tsv              sports
sports.tsv              sports
SquaredCircle.tsv       club
starcitizen.tsv         game
starcraft.tsv           game
StarWars.tsv            entertainment
SteamGameSwap.tsv       trade
Steam.tsv               game
SubredditDrama.tsv      fun
summonerschool.tsv      game
SVExchange.tsv          pokemon-trade
sysadmin.tsv            progr
TalesFromRetail.tsv     technology
talesfromtechsupport.tsv    technology
technology.tsv          technology
techsupport.tsv         technology
teenagers.tsv           casual
television.tsv          TV
tf2.tsv                 game
thatHappened.tsv        satire
TheLastAirbender.tsv    TV
TheRedPill.tsv          men-woman
thewalkingdead.tsv      TV
tifu.tsv                fun
tipofmytongue.tsv       casual
titanfall.tsv           game
todayilearned.tsv       casual
toronto.tsv             city
trees.tsv               drugs
TrollXChromosomes.tsv   men-women
TumblrInAction.tsv      men-women
twitchplayspokemon.tsv  game
TwoXChromosomes.tsv     men-women
ultrahardcore.tsv       game
unitedkingdom.tsv       state
videos.tsv              casual
Warthunder.tsv          game
whowouldwin.tsv         entertainment
wiiu.tsv                konsole
WildStar.tsv            game
windowsphone.tsv        smartphone
woahdude.tsv            casual
worldnews.tsv           news
WorldofTanks.tsv        game
wow.tsv                 game
WritingPrompts.tsv      entertainment
WTF.tsv                 satire
xboxone.tsv             konsole
yugioh.tsv              game
